hey guys it's speech Tech and kid and I
just got my package from speed stacks in
the middle so I'm going to do an
unboxing
okay comment what you think it is and
pause the video comment what you think
is ready I got a receipt I got the gen 3
Pro stat meant so that's awesome and I
got the timer also it came with the gear
bag so I'm gonna be testing this
I already nicely packaged actually so
three very nice and now Oh bubble wrap
says removed before you so okay oh wait
if you try this okay so that's ten three
seven nine okay so now three three three
two point six three nine six nothing
okay three point six nine okay so there
it is and it has the stable so that's
awesome
and I Clara so all my videos will be
with this back nine now so there it is